          Isolation of the italicasnOitalic mutant argues for the existence of a physiological regulation associated with italicfixTitalic and makes it unlikely that italicfixTitalic serves a mere homeostatic function in italicS. melilotiitalic. Our data suggest that italicasnOitalic might control activity of the FixT protein, in a way that remains to be elucidated. A proposed role for italicasnOitalic might be to couple nitrogen fixation gene expression in italicS. melilotiitalic to the nitrogen needs of the cells.
      FixT is an intriguing protein as it has not been described so far in any other bacterium besides italicS. melilotiitalic. Furthermore its mode of action is original, as it has the capacity to block phosphorylation, and hence activity, of the FixL sensor histidine kinase. They are only a few examples of such antikinase proteins in the literature. Lastly, FixT primary sequence did not provide clues to its function. There is thus a great deal of interest in determining the biological role of italicfixTitalic in italicS. melilotiitalic.
          Different designs of high quality trials can be used to support limited information used in metaanalysis without recourse to low quality trials that might be biased.
    sec
          The cell's in vivo interactions with the ECM can regulate shape, gene expression and other cell functions. The shape of the annulus cell changes markedly during life: the young, healthy disc contains spindle shaped cells and abundant collagen. With aging and degeneration, many cells assume a strikingly different appearance, become rounded and are surrounded by unusual accumulations of ECM products. In vitro manipulation of disc cells provides an experimental window for testing how disc cells from given individuals respond when they are grown in environments which direct cells to have either spindle or roundedshapes. In vitro assessment of the response of such cells to plateletderived growth factor and to Matrigel™ showed a continued influence of cell shape even in the presence of a growth factor stimulus. These findings contribute new information to the important issue of the influence of cell shape on cell behavior.
          Our results suggest that neither of these potentially hypercoaguable states are associated with an increased risk of symptomatic thromboembolic events following total hip or knee arthroplasty in patients receiving pharmacological thromboprophylaxis.
      The objective of this study was to determine whether a specific genetic profile is associated with a higher risk of developing a postoperative thromboembolic complication. Although our results suggest that neither of these potentially hypercoaguable states are associated with an increased risk of symptomatic thromboembolic events following total hip or knee arthroplasty in patients receiving pharmacological thromboprophylaxis, an as yet undescribed genetically determined hypercoagulable state or predisposition may be present in these patients.
      Copper and pentachlorophenol turned out to be especially toxic for PE in italicC. reinhardtiiitalic. Zinc has been concluded to be moderately toxic while nickel and lead had stimulatory effects on the PE. Because of high variance, motility was not considered a reliable physiological parameter when assessing toxicity of the substances using italicC. reinhardtiiitalic.
          The present data, suggests that the concomitant use of antigenemia and pp67 mRNA assay gives the best identification of patients at risk of developing CMV disease.
    sec
          Several mutants with greatly reduced GTPase could still complement italicftsZ84italic, suggesting that the high level of GTPase observed in vitro is not essential for in vivo function. All of the lateral mutants failed to complement italicftsZ84italic, which suggests that these surfaces of the protofilaments are important for function in cell division. These lateral surfaces may mediate association of FtsZ protofilaments into pairs or small sheets, although their structure is apparently different from the sheets assembled in DEAE dextran or calcium.
      We have tested 16 sitedirected mutants of italicE. coliitalic FtsZ for assembly and GTPase activity in vitro, and for whether they can function in vivo to complement italicftsZ84italic. Mutations on the front and back of the FtsZ protofilament were mostly benign: they had normal in vitro assembly, and could complement italicftsZ84italic. Several of these, however, had significantly reduced in vitro GTPase, demonstrating that the high level of GTPase is not essential for assembly or function in vivo. Another class of mutations altered residues contacting the GTP. These could all assemble in DEAE dextran, although with some abnormalities, and they had &lt; 10% of the wild type GTPase. These mutants failed to complement italicftsZ84italic when expressed on pBS58. A third class of mutations mapped to the sides of protofilaments. These lateral mutations did not interfere with GTPase nor with assembly of protofilaments, and surprisingly showed mostly normal assembly in DEAE dextran. We conclude that these lateral surfaces are not involved in assembly of the DEAE dextran polymers. However, four mutations on the right side and two on the left failed to give clones that complement italicftsZ84italic, suggesting that these lateral surfaces are important for the function of FtsZ in cell division. These lateral surfaces may mediate association of FtsZ protofilaments into pairs or small sheets, although with a structure different from the in vitro polymers stabilized by DEAE dextran.
          These observations suggest that glial scarassociated factors are not necessary to block axonal growth at sites of injury. Disruption of fiber tract geometry, perhaps involving myelinassociated neuritegrowth inhibitors, may be sufficient to pose a barrier to regenerating axons in spinal cord white matter and peripheral nerves.
      These results support a surprising hypothesis. Both white matter and peripheral nerves may contain inhibitory factors whose normal role is to constrain axons to a parallel orientation by preventing collateral sprouting. In both situations, disruption of tissue geometry would result in a substrate that is less navigable by growing axons. However, whereas in peripheral nerves the appropriate geometry is reconstructed, in white matter, such reconstruction apparently fails or does not succeed in sufficient time to permit regeneration. In addition, glial scarring has long been suspected to contribute to the nonpermissive environment encountered by regenerating axons in the CNS.
          The present studies suggest that some of the relevant factors that constrain axonal growth on white matter are not haptotactic in nature and appear to be partly mediated by factors that are associated with myelin and may involve myelinassociated inhibitors.
      These data suggest that the orienting influence of white matter geometry on neurite outgrowth involves myelin and, possibly, its associated neuritegrowth inhibitory activity. The term inhibitor refers to the effects of myelin on neurites in studies that did not consider its normal geometric organization within white matter. In fact, close to the site of injury where its geometry is disrupted, myelin may indeed be an obstacle to regeneration see Pettigrew et al., companion paper extlink extlinktypeuri xlink:hrefhttp:www.biomedcentral.com1471220228. It is now clear, however, that the presence alone of undisrupted myelin is insufficient to prevent regeneration [xref reftypebibr ridB3131xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3232xref]. While the direct effect of myelin on growing axons italicin vitroitalic is inhibitory but does little to block axonal growth within intact tracts italicin vivoitalic, myelin may nevertheless play an important role in regulating axonal growth within intact tracts. Myelin may encourage directed, longdistance growth by restricting it to a parallel orientation. For example, in the spinal cord, where successful regeneration ultimately depends on axon extension in an appropriate direction over long distances, factors that promote parallel axonal growth, and discourage nonparallel growth, should enhance longdistance regeneration. In fact, several studies have been succesful in promoting axonal regeneration across sites of spinal cord or optic nerve injury by blocking the myelinassociated inhibitor Nogo [xref reftypebibr ridB1616xref,xref reftypebibr ridB4545xref,xref reftypebibr ridB4949xref]. However, these axons often fail to reattain a parallel orientation within the distal stump. These axons followed an irregular course and branching was seen quite frequently. The inhibitory activity of myelin may actually serve to promote axonal growth in an intact fiber tract such as the distal stump of the injured spinal cord by restricting this growth to an orientation that is parallel to the fiber tract while discouraging local meandering and collateral sprouting.
      Measurements of intracellular calcium level [Casup2+sup]subisub in various mammalian cell lines mouse NIH3T3 and human HeLa and SaOS2 cells revealed that ethylene, produced by ethephon, caused a significant upregulation of [Casup2+sup]subisub in these cells. A similar effect was found in cells kept under pressure after exposure to ethylene gas. These data support previous findings showing an upregulation of [Casup2+sup]subisub, as well as an increased expression of an ethyleneresponsive gene, italicSDERRitalic, in invertebrate cells primmorphs of the marine sponge italicS. domunculaitalic [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref]. These results indicate that ethylene is not only an important mediator of many biological processes in plants but may also have some modulatory effects on intracellular signaling pathways in animals.
          We demonstrate here that RPTPα dimerized constitutively in living cells, which may be mediated by the transmembrane domain, providing strong support for the model that dimerization is involved in regulation of RPTPs.
        sec
          Providing IPCs on the basis of age is not appropriate or cost effective. Rational use of these products should include consideration of the cost of prescribing one over another.
      Providing IPCs on the basis of age is not appropriate or cost effective. Training of health workers and counselling of clients to correct this misconception is clearly required. Where clients require immediate return to fertility upon discontinuing contraception, neither IPC preparation is ideal. Since DMPA is a cheaper option than NETEN, health worker training about the rational use of injectable contraceptives should include consideration of the cost implications of prescribing one product over another. DMPA should be considered as the first option, but where DMPA is not well tolerated, NETEN should be available as a second option. It is also recommended that a comparative systematic review of DMPA and NETEN be undertaken. Based on the outcome of this review, consideration may be given to conducting a comparative clinical trial of NETEN and DMPA when used by African women.
          Despite some recent improvement, reporting of conflicts of interest in clinical guidelines published in influential journals is largely neglected.
      We found that conflicts of interest were rarely, if ever, published in clinical guideline reports funded by the government, universities or professional physician organizations. Although it may be anticipated that such sponsors may make more stringent efforts to assure objectivity in guideline development, it is still important that potential conflicts of interest of the individuals participating in the process should be acknowledged. This holds true even if group authorship is assumed. Conflicts of interest may be more worrisome when there is individual authorship. One would expect the objectivity of the guideline to be more vulnerable when only one or two individuals are authoring it. Nevertheless, the likelihood of disclosing conflicts of interest was smaller when few authors took responsibility for a guideline than when several authors were involved.
      Transparency, by means of disclosure of potential conflicts, could foster public trust. Such information would take minimal space to report and may help to obviate doubts regarding the integrity of clinical guidelines. Both guideline authors and journal editors should pay more attention to this important issue.
          Two novel agonists resulting from the predicted receptor model were active at 50 nM. One of them displays novel structural features which may translate into the development of new ligands for cancer therapy.
      This report details the rapid discovery of RAR agonists with novel structural features, thanks to a powerful virtual ligand screening approach, and a research strategy where considerations on existing ligands are avoided. One of the molecules presented here constitute a good framework for the development of a novel series of RAR ligands very different from all structures described so far. Such ligands could present more favorable specificity and toxicity profiles, and have important applications in cancer therapy.
      There is a biological plausibility, because inhibition of bacterial growth has been shown using impregnated honey discs [xref reftypebibr ridB99xref] or incorporating honey into agar plates [xref reftypebibr ridB77xref]. How much of this inhibition is due to inherent antimicrobial properties [xref reftypebibr ridB77xref,xref reftypebibr ridB88xref,xref reftypebibr ridB99xref] or to its hyperosmolar nature is unknown. We do know that hyperosmolar sugar paste is effective in experimental animals, and superior to antiseptics [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref].
          Our data suggest a lack of association between the NOTCH4 gene triplet repeat polymorphism and schizophrenia in Japanese individuals.
      Our study suggests a lack of association between the triplet repeat CTGn polymorphism in the NOTCH4 gene and schizophrenia in Japanese patients.
          These findings suggest that some localized functions ofthe ACCare possibly relevant to the psychopathological aspects of ANR.
