          Use of the CarePorter device resulted in maximization of the delivery of patient care, time savings, significantly improved utilization of escort personnel
          In mechanicallyventilated patients NP does not represent an independent risk factor for mortality. Markers of severity of illness were the strongest predictors for mortality.
    sec
          Inadvertent insertion of enteral feeding tubes into the tracheopulmonary system during placement is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Clinical signs at the time of insertion are not useful in identifying feeding tubes which are malpositioned. In the ICU patient, a chest roentgenogram is required after all feeding tube insertions prior to the initiation of enteral feeding. In the highrisk patient, alternatives to blind feeding tube insertion should be considered.
          The incidence of ARDS in Maryland is in the range of 1014 cases per 100,000 people. The ARDS mortality rate is 36% to 52%, similar to that calculated in previous studies.
          In the surfactantdepleted lung, the activation of leukocytes was attenuated by HFO. Reduced inflammatory response correlated with decreased impairment of oxygenation. HFO may reduce lung injury via the attenuation of pulmonary inflammation.
          During the postresuscitation phase, organ blood flow is characterized by the coincidence of increased cerebral and myocardial blood flow and decreased intestinal blood flow. Administration of TELM 10 min after ROSC did not improve the recovery of organ perfusion.
          Daily SOFA is a useful parameter when the decision to withhold or withdraw treatment has to be considered, especially if the established measures do not improve the clinical condition of the patient. Although making decisions based on the use of severity parameters may cause ethical problems, it may reduce the anxiety level. Additionally, it may help when considering the need for extraordinary measures or new investigative protocols for better management of resources.
          These findings demonstrate significant agreement between the interpretation of chest radiographs by PI and PR in selected clinical situations. These data support the current practice of the PI making therapeutic decisions based on their interpretations of chest radiographs.
      Three potential reasons that may have contributed to the discordance between PI and PR in the study include: 1 interobserver variability; 2 physician bias; and 3 the ability to correlate clinical findings with radiographic findings. Variability between multiple observers reviewing a radiograph is recognized as a significant cause of discrepancy [xref reftypebibr ridB33xref,xref reftypebibr ridB44xref,xref reftypebibr ridB55xref]. Studies have shown discrepancy rates as high as 30% amongst radiologists reviewing the same radiograph [xref reftypebibr ridB33xref]. Interobserver variability should be considered when discrepancies occur between radiologists and nonradiologists. Fleshier italicet alitalic [xref reftypebibr ridB66xref] demonstrated that interobserver variability contributed to the discrepancies in radiograph interpretation seen between the emergency room pediatricians and radiologists. These discrepancies frequently occurred between the reviewers while attempting to distinguish normal pulmonary markings from peribronchial thickening or atelectasis from small infiltrates [xref reftypebibr ridB66xref]. Though interobserver variability was not specifically addressed in this study, it may account for some of the discordant interpretations.
          The concentrations of NO and NOsub2sub should be measured as
          In this animal model, hyperprocalcitoninemia was an early
          As MAS is a condition with parenchymal damage, pulmonary
          Despite distinct differences in the available resources between
          We found that CPAP at 5.0 and 7.5 cmHsub2subO caused a
          Measurement of PCT concentrations during multiple organ
          The use of a triplelumen catheter with a distance of 0.4cm
          There is significant institutional variation in critical care transfusion practice, many intensivists adhering to a 100gl threshold, and opting to administer multiple units despite published guidelines to the contrary. There is a need for prospective studies to define optimal practice in the critically ill.
          In a pediatric porcine model of acute, severe methacholineinduced
          At least a quarter of patients with hypotension and a low SVR have
          We conclude that the 30° headdown position and the complete
