          Checking behavior induced by quinpirole is not irrepressible but can be suspended. Results strengthen the quinpirole preparation as an animal model of OCD compulsive checking.
      Like the compulsive behavior of OCD patients, so, too, the compulsive checking behavior induced by quinpirole is not irrepressible but can be suspended in the presence of appropriate stimuli. However, when checkingevoking cues remain, the suspension of checking behavior is not sustained and after a period of time rats resume their checking behavior, akin to the failed resistence that OCD patients show in refraining from performance of their compulsive rituals. These findings strengthen the quinpirole preparation as an animal model of OCD.
          IPsub3subR3 is the dominant form of the IPsub3sub receptor expressed in taste cells and our data suggest it plays an important role in bitter taste transduction.
      The principal finding in this study is the identification of IPsub3subR3 as the dominant isoform of the IPsub3sub receptor in taste cells. IPsub3sub has been shown to be an important second messenger in both bitter and sweet taste transduction, and IPsub3subR3 likely mediates the Casup2+sup release from intracellular stores in response to IPsub3sub. In bitter taste transduction, many signaling components have been identified, and IPsub3subR3 is coexpressed in the same taste cells Fig. xref reftypefig ridF66xref. Bitter stimuli bind to T2RTRB taste receptors coupled to a heterotrimeric G protein complex consisting of αgustducin and its partners, β3 and γ13. Alpha gustducin activates PDE, causing decreases in intracellular cAMP, while its βγ partners stimulate PLCβ2 to produce IPsub3sub and DAG. IPsub3sub subsequently binds to IPsub3subR3, causing increases in cytosolic Casup2+sup, due to release from intracellular stores Fig. xref reftypefig ridF11Bxref. The unique properties of IPsub3subR3, including its regulation by Casup2+sup and cAMP dependent kinases, are consistent with known characteristics of bitter signaling in taste cells.
          Atypical HSV keratitis can occur in contact lens wearers. A simple investigation like Giemsa stain may offer a clue to the diagnosis.
          In this population the high prevalence of the CHD risk factors indicated that there is an urgent need for its control; the higher or equal prevalences of several risk factors in women could in part explain the high rates of mortality from CHD in females as compared to males.
          Our model suggests that GC content drives codon usage rather than the converse. It unifies a large body of empirical evidence concerning relationships between GC content and aminoacid or codon usage in disparate systems. The relationship between GC content and codon and aminoacid usage is ahistorical; it is replicated independently in the three domains of living organisms, reinforcing the idea that genes and genomes at mutationselection equilibrium reproduce a unique relationship between nucleic acid and protein composition. Thus, the model may be useful in predicting aminoacid or nucleotide sequences in poorly characterized taxa.
      We have shown that the GC content of individual codons and amino acids is the primary determinant of their response to biases in sequence composition, both among and to a lesser extent within genomes. Although the literature contains many examples of correlations between GC content and the frequency of particular codons and amino acids, our model is able to recapture quantitatively the behavior of essentially all codons and amino acids by invoking forces that act only on the level of individual nucleotides. This is likely to be due to a combination of mutation and selection: mutation can act in parallel across an entire genome, changing many sites simultaneously; however, this process is limited by the consequences of error at each position.
          Given available computer and internet technology, BioD may be implemented as an extensible, multidisciplinary language that can be used to archive functional systems knowledge and be extended to support both qualitative and quantitative functional analysis.
      We have proposed that a generalized biological descriptive language akin to schematic diagramming languages in other disciplines is a necessary step in the evolution of functional bioinformatics. Toward this, we have developed a prototype language, BioD, that we have used to test the value of this approach and to explore the feasibility of computational implementation using objectoriented programming methods in the context of Internetbased communications. We suggest that a sufficiently formalized descriptive language built on the BioD concept of 'functional properties' can anchor a computational framework capable of supporting the archiving of extended, weblinked model networks and model analysis using hybrid qualitative reasoning and quantitative simulations.
          We found that the ArgRAhrC recognition signal is conserved in all genomes that contain genes encoding orthologous transcription factors of this family. All genomes studied except italicM. tuberculosisitalic contain ABC transport cassettes related to the Art system of italicE. coliitalic belonging to the candidate arginine regulons.
      The composition of the ARG regulons in different bacteria is known to vary mainly because of diversity in the arginine degradation pathways and speciesspecific paralogs. The question of the origin of 'additional' ARG boxes thus arises. Because of the low conservation of the ArgRbinding signal, it is possible that some of the sites could be convergent in origin. Moreover, each genome contains a large number of potential ARG boxlike sequences that could become actual sites when they become located upstream of an arginine metabolism gene following chromosomal rearrangements [xref reftypebibr ridB3333xref].
      There are a few more transcription factor families biotin operon repressor, COG1654; putative stressresponsive transcriptional regulator PcpC, COG1983; Bvg accessory factor homologs, COG1521 [xref reftypebibr ridB11xref] with a single representative per genome, and it would be interesting to compare them as well. They do not, however, contain a sufficient number of experimentally determined binding sites and are not so ubiquitous in the bacterial genomes as the three regulators discussed previously. With more available genomes, we hope that our approach, combined with positional analysis aimed at finding colocalized, and thus possibly functionally related enzymes and regulator genes [xref reftypebibr ridB3535xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3636xref], will enable us to make this comparison. On the other hand, we feel that the predictions made in this study, especially identification of the Art family ABC transporters in several diverse genomes, are sufficiently interesting to warrant experimental verification.
          Like the other related Tec kinases, Rlk is associated with lipid RAFTs and can be phosphorylated and activated by Src family kinases, supporting a role for Rlk in signaling downstream of Src kinases in T cell activation.
          Epinephrine is more effective than dopamine at increasing cardiac output during hypoxia in this model. Although epinephrine preserves the SAPPAP ratio, dopamine shows preferential pulmonary vasoconstriction, which might be detrimental if it also occurs during the management of infants with persistent fetal circulation. Dopamine, but not epinephrine, increases portal flow and total hepatic flow during hypoxia.
          BIPAP is an effective, safe and easy to use mode of ventilation in infants and children.
          Plant formins define a distinct subfamily. The presence in most italicArabidopsisitalic formins of sequence motifs typical or transmembrane proteins suggests a mechanism of membrane attachment that may be specific to plant formins, and indicates an unexpected evolutionary flexibility of the conserved formin domain.
      Formins, also known as formin homology FH proteins, are proteins implicated in cellular and organismal morphogenesis of both metazoa and fungi. On the cellular level, they are involved in the establishment and maintenance of cell andor tissue polarity [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref,xref reftypebibr ridB66xref], in cytokinesis [xref reftypebibr ridB44xref] and in the positioning of the mitotic spindle [xref reftypebibr ridB77xref]. They interact directly or indirectly with actin, profilin, Rholike GTPases [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref,xref reftypebibr ridB66xref,xref reftypebibr ridB88xref,xref reftypebibr ridB99xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1010xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1111xref], the yeast Spa2 protein and septins [xref reftypebibr ridB1212xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1313xref], proteins containing SH3 or WW domains [xref reftypebibr ridB1010xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1414xref], dynein and microtubules [xref reftypebibr ridB77xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1515xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1616xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref]. The yeast formin homolog encoded by italicBNI1italic is localized to the cell periphery and participates in positioning cortical actin patches towards distinct regions of the plasma membrane [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1313xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1818xref]. Some kind of contact with the plasmalemma in addition to that mediated by a Rholike GTPase might therefore be expected, although there is no evidence as yet for such a contact. Furthermore, metazoan formins are believed to be cytoplasmic or nuclear proteins [xref reftypebibr ridB1919xref,xref reftypebibr ridB2020xref].
      A systematic search of the available italicArabidopsisitalic genomic and cDNA sequences revealed the presence of eight genes encoding proteins that define a novel subfamily of the formin family. At least six out of eight italicArabidopsisitalic formins appear to be integral membrane proteins. This indicates a mechanism of membrane localization that may be specific to plants and functionally related to a possible role for formins in the communication between the plant cell and extracellular structures.
          We suggest that selective evolutionary pressure exerted by microbes expressing structurally distinguishable LPS molecules has produced the high level of variability in the Tlr4 extracellular domain. The highly variable carboxyterminal region of the cytoplasmic domain is likely to determine the magnitude of the response to LPS within a species.
          These results suggest that catabolism of the rarest essential amino acid may regulate processes such as cell adhesion and prostaglandin synthesis.
      IDO regulates adhesion of cells to normal growth substrates. In so doing it modulates the expression and activity of COX2 and certain MMPs. RAW cells and MC57 cells overexpressing IDO grew as multicellular foci. In the case of RAW cells, this was due to elevated PGE relative to other prostaglandins. P19 cells in which endogenousIDO expression was disrupted by antisense expression, showed lower adhesiveness. Thus, tryptophan catabolism exerts control over fundamental cellular functions.
          The current set of 16S rRNA hybridization probes targeting methanogenic Archaea does not cover the phylogenetic diversity present in the rumen and possibly other gastrointestinal tract environments. New probes and quantitative PCR assays are needed to determine the distribution of the newly identified methanogen clusters in rumen microbial communities.
      This study has revealed the phylogenetic diversity of methanogens found in the rumen fluid of dairy cattle. One of the methanogen groups is highly similar to the type strain of italicM. ruminantiumitalic, but other groups represent methanogens not previously recovered from the rumen or not yet represented in culture collections. Based on sequence analysis it was found that the set of probes for specific groups of methanogens developed by Raskin italicet al.italic [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref] would not hybridize to a potentially important group of rumen methanogen sequences identified in this study. Additional studies need to be conducted to determine the quantitative significance of the newly identified groups, as well as how the diversity of rumen methanogens varies with animal diet.
          Simple procedures that alleviate problems with spontaneous induction of lambdoid prophage and subsequent infection of italicE. coliitalic strains by these phages are described. Low bacterial growth rate, replacement of glucose with glycerol in a medium and overproduction of the italiccitalicI repressor minimise the risk of prophage induction during cultivation of lysogenic bacteria and subsequent infection of other bacterial strains.
          This study describes the development and characterization of an easy to perform, inexpensive, and noninvasive single color flow cytometric assay for detection of plateletbound IgG, in combination with flow cytometric assessment of platelet morphological characteristics in horses.
          Our results do not suggest a major role of the investigated genetic polymorphisms with regard to risk of relapse in standard and intermediaterisk childhood Bcell precursor ALL treated according to BFM protocols.
      In a matched casecontrol group of 64 relapsed and 64 successfully treated childhood Bcell precursor ALL patients all at standard or intermediate risk, the italicTNFitalic gene polymorphism at nucleotide position 308 and the italicLTαitalic gene polymorphism at nucleotide position +252 were not significantly related with risk of ALL relapse. Our results do not suggest a major role of the investigated genetic polymorphisms with regard to risk of relapse in childhood Bcell precursor ALL of standard and intermediate risk treated according to BFM protocols.
          sourceBloodsource
          Whereas earlier work demonstrated that topical application of curcumin to mouse skin inhibited TPAinduced expression of cfos, cjun and cmyc oncogenes, our results are the first to show that orally consumed curcumin significantly inhibited DMBA and TPAinduced ras and fos gene expression in mouse skin.
