          APACHE II is not much better than prehospital descriptive scoring systems MEES and GCS. APACHE II and MEES should not replace GCS in assessment of illness severity or in prediction of mortality in nontraumatic coma. For the assessment of mortality, the GCS score provides the best indicator for these patients simplicity, less timeconsuming and effective in an emergency situation.
          The overall goodnessoffit of APACHE III mortality prediction was improved significantly by customization, but uniformity of fit in different subgroups was not achieved. Therefore, application of the customized model provides no advantage, because differences in casemix still limit comparisons of quality of care.
          CNP concentrations in the CSF were high in the acute phase after SAH, whereas plasma CNP concentrations remained constant. However, our findings did not support our hypothesis because we did not find any relationship between vasospasm and changes in CNP concentrations in the CSF.
          Our data strongly support a model of Form X consisting in a DNA loop at the base of which the two DNA duplexes cross, with one of the strands of one duplex passing between the strands of the other duplex, and reciprocally, to form a semicatenated DNA junction also called a DNA hemicatenane.
      An alternative DNA structure named Form X, which was observed previously by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of DNA fragments containing a tract of the CA microsatellite poly CA · poly TG but had not been characterized, has now been identified as a DNA loop maintained at its base by a semicatenated DNA junction Fig. xref reftypefig ridF66xref. Structures containing DNA hemicatenanes had been previously suggested to exist in the cell but had not been isolated before. The possibility to prepare such structures, combined with their remarkable stability, should allow one to study their evolution and their possible function when introduced into living cells.
          We have identified the first phosphorylation site for the vaccinia virus B1R protein kinase. This gives important information about the substratespecificity of the enzyme, which differs from that of other known protein kinases. It remains to be seen whether the same site is phosphorylated italicin vivoitalic.
      Vaccinia virus protein kinase B1R phosphorylates the virus protein H5R italicin vitroitalic at the threonine residues Thr84 and Thr85 within the region:
          A novel method to visualise the aryl acylamidase activity on cholinesterases in polyacrylamide gels has been developed.
          We found that computational models of italicE. coliitalic metabolism based on physicochemical constraints can be used to interpret mutant behavior. These italicin silicaitalic results lead to a further understanding of the complex genotypephenotype relation.
      Herein, we have utilized an italicin silicoitalic representation of italicE. coliitalic to study the condition dependent phenotype of italicE. coliitalic and central metabolism gene deletion strains. We have shown that a computational analysis of the metabolic behavior can provide valuable insight into cellular metabolism. The present italicin silicoitalic study builds on the ability to define metabolic genotypes in bacteria and mathematical methods to analyze the possible and optimal phenotypes that they can express. These capabilities open the possibility to perform italicin silicoitalic deletion studies to help sort out the complexities of italicE. coliitalic mutant phenotypes.
          Shape alone provided an inadequate criterion for distinguishing between retraction fibers and advancing, retracting or stable filopodia. Fluorescence imaging of CmoesinGFP, however, paralleled the rapid and dynamic changes of the actin cytoskeleton in microextensions. Regional regulatory control is implicated because opposite changes occurred in close proximity and presumably independent of each other. This new and sensitive tool should be useful for investigating mechanisms of localized actin dynamics in the cell cortex.
      Imaging of live NIH3T3 cells expressing the Cterminal Factin binding domain of moesin fused to GFP before, during and after treatment with cytochalasin D, and retrospective analysis with fluorescent phalloidin are consistent with a pattern of actin microfilaments in different regions of the cells. The high sensitivity of this method allowed us to analyze dynamic and diverse changes that occur spontaneously in small areas of the cell surface and to distinguish microextensions according to their Factin content, motility and life history. CmoesinGFP may provide a sensitive new tool to study critical regulatory steps required to support the highly dynamic interactions between different cytoskeleton and membrane components, and to unravel spatial and temporal relationships.
          These data show that CEBPβ and Elk1 synergize in SRF dependent transcription of both a Gal4 reporter and the SRE. This suggests that SRF, TCF, and CEBPβ are all necessary for maximal induction of the italiccfositalic SRE in response to mitogenic signaling by Ras.
      This report demonstrates a new model for italiccfositalic SRE activation in response to Rasdependent signaling pathways. We show that SRF, Elk1, and p35CEBPβ are all necessary for maximal Rasstimulated transactivation of the SRE.
          The main conclusions from the work reported here are i that the propensity to form an extended or more compact possibly αhelical conformation in the ribosometranslocon channel does not depend on whether or not the model segment has stoptransfer function, but rather seems to reflect the helical propensities of the amino acids as measured in an aqueous environment, and ii that stoptransfer sequences may adopt a helical structure and integrate into the ER membrane at different times relative to the time of glycan addition to nearby upstream glycosylation acceptor sites.
        sec
      Conclusion i follows from the observation that the Asub17subV and Lsub17subV model stretches  which are composed of residues that are strong helixformers in an aqueous environment [xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref]  both adopt a compact conformation in the ribosometranslocon channel Fig. xref reftypefig ridF22xref, whereas the Vsub18sub and GpA model segments do not. Val has a low helix potential in water but readily forms helices in micellar and vesicular media [xref reftypebibr ridB99xref, xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref], and the GpA segment also includes a number of residues with low helix potential in water Gly, Val, Ile, Thr. The Asub17subV segment does not have stoptransfer function, as previously found for similar constructs composed of up to 19 Ala residues [xref reftypebibr ridB1818xref], while Lsub17subV and Vsub18sub do Fig. xref reftypefig ridF33xref.
          Our results indicate that FuGENE™6based methods may be optimized sufficiently to offer a feasible approach for gene transfer into rat hepatic stellate cells. The data further demonstrate that adenoviral mediated transfer is a promising approach for gene delivery to these hepatic cells.
      In agreement with other reports on gene delivery to cultured rHSCs by adenoviral based techniques our data show that this method is straightforward particularly when high efficiency of gene transfer is required [xref reftypebibr ridB2828xref,xref reftypebibr ridB2929xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3030xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3131xref]. Furthermore, our report indicates that introduction of foreign DNA even into rMFBs is possible by use of adenoviral based vector systems. Because of the considerable interest on the rHSCrMFB transition as a cell culture model for liver fibrogenesis the improvement of efficiency of gene delivery to these cells should facilitate applications such as reproducible reporter vector assays, or bulk expression of signalling proteins for biochemical or cell biological assays.
          Results of our studies show that resveratrol interacts with endothelial cells italicin vitroitalic to elicit morphological and structural changes; the observed changes support the interpretation that resveratrol acts as a cardioprotective agent.
      Our studies suggest that resveratrol interacts with endothelial cells italicin vitroitalic to elicit morphological and functional changes. Specifically, resveratrol induced an elongated shape, interspersed with long, tortuous projections, in cultured BPAEC. Treated cells resisted detachment from the plastic coverslips under simulated arterial shear stress conditions. These results, combined with data from our previous studies, provide additional support for the notion that resveratrol acts as an antiatherosclerotic agent. Whether these findings can be extrapolated to humans require further study.
          This suggests an association of βdystroglycan with membranes at the vascularglial interface in the forebrain. In contrast to dystrophic skeletal muscle fibres, dystrophin deficiency does not trigger a reduction of all dystroglycans in the brain, and utrophins may partially compensate for the lack of brain dystrophins. Abnormal oligomerization of the dystrophin isoform Dp71 might be involved in the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying abnormal brain functions.
      In conclusion, this report demonstrates that βdystroglycan is not present at high concentrations in central neurons of the forebrain region, but seems to be mostly located at the interface between endothelial cells and glia. These structures possibly represent endfeet on astrocytes at the bloodbrain barrier. In dystrophic forebrain, βdystroglycan expression is not drastically affected, possibly due to the upregulation of utrophin isoforms which partially compensate for the deficiency in brain dystrophins. Chemical crosslinking analysis showed that Dp71 exists in contrast to its normally oligomeric form in italicmdxitalic brain as a monomeric protein. Thus, the lack in brain dystrophins does not necessarily lead to a loss in all associated glycoproteins and possibly abnormal oligomerization of the brain dystrophin might play a role in the molecular pathogenesis of abnormal brain functions in muscular dystrophy.
          Findings extend our understanding of osteoclast structure and function in the mouse exposed in vivo to high doses of estrogen. Ultrastructural examination showed that osteoclasts from estrogentreated mice were unable to seal against the bone surface and were unable to form ruffled borders.
      Findings extend our understanding of osteoclast structure and function in the mouse exposed in vivo to high doses of estrogen. Ultrastructural examination showed that osteoclasts from estrogentreated mice were unable to seal against the bone surface and were unable to form ruffled borders.
          The fact that in two distinct phyla, deltatubulin plays a similar role provides a new basis for interpreting phylogenetic relationships among deltatubulins. The role of deltatubulin in Ctubule assembly reveals that tubulins contribute subtle specificities at microtubule nucleation sites. Our observations also demonstrate the existence of a prepattern for the ninefold symmetry of the organelle which is maintained even if less than 9 triplets develop.
          These analyses provide a link between envelope proteins from a group of insect retroviruslike elements and a baculovirus protein family that includes lowpHdependent envelope fusion proteins. The ability of gypsy retroelements to transpose from insect into baculovirus genomes suggests a pathway for the exchange of this protein between these viral families.
      The relatedness of a class of low pHdependent baculovirus envelope fusion proteins to envelope proteins of italicgypsyitalic retroviruslike elements was demonstrated to be highly significant. Transposon mediated exchange provides a documented pathway for the movement of this gene between insect cells, and two different types of viruses.
