      Since the current pneumococcal vaccine was licensed in 1979 several trials have been performed on populations more representative of those for whom the vaccine is recommended in the Western world. Thus an alternative way to examine the value of the vaccine is to conduct a metaanalysis of the available randomised trials. One such metaanalysis published in 1994 included nine randomised trials conducted in adults with vaccines of 12 to 17 valencies [xref reftypebibr ridB44xref]. The authors concluded that pneumococcal vaccination significantly reduced the risk of definitive or bacteraemic pneumococcal pneumonia, but only in lowrisk populations, i.e., those younger than 55 years old and without chronic medical or immunosuppressing conditions. Vaccination did not reduce the incidence of pneumonia of all causes, bronchitis, mortality due to pneumonia or pneumococcal infection, or mortality of all causes. The inconsistency between the lack of efficacy of the vaccine in elderly and highrisk patients and the nearly universal recommendations for its use in those populations is obvious. This conflict has important implications for both individual clinicians and health policy organisations. A subsequent metaanalysis [xref reftypebibr ridB55xref] of 13 studies published up to 1986 included three quasi randomised studies. It concluded that pneumococcal vaccination was effective, but that 2520 people would have to be vaccinated to prevent one case of pneumococcal bacteraemia per year.
          It is not possible to introduce practice and professional development plans organisational development and organisational learning projects in a publicly funded health care system without first addressing existing educational and management structures. Existing systems are based on educational credits for attendance and emerging accountability frameworks criteria checklists for clinical governance. Moving to systems that are less summative and more formative, and based on the philosophies of continual quality improvement, require changes to be made in the relevant support systems in order achieve policy proposals.
        The second framework, clearly discernible over the last twenty years or so is the interest in promoting teamwork in primary care. Marsh [xref reftypebibr ridB1515xref] provides a starting point for this literature advocating the delegation of tasks to others within the 'team' and broadening the roles of clerical, managerial and nursing colleagues, a consistently held and influential view [xref reftypebibr ridB1616xref]. Jones described pioneering team development work in Oxford and Yorkshire using practice facilitators [xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref], and Hasler described the 'contractual farces' that have impeded organisational cohesion [xref reftypebibr ridB1818xref]. Stott sounded a note of caution about the growth of the primary care organisation and argued in favour of a 'core' team, sensing an emerging lack of continuity and fragmentation [xref reftypebibr ridB1919xref]. West [xref reftypebibr ridB2020xref], and Ovretveit [xref reftypebibr ridB2121xref] described the inherent barriers to italicteamworkitalic in primary care, such as the lack of shared records, accommodation and accountability systems, and suggested changes that could reduce or remove these obstacles. Investments were made in italicteam developmentitalic initiatives [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref] and instruments developed to measure italicteam climateitalic and levels of interprofessional collaboration [xref reftypebibr ridB2323xref]. But as the organisation became more complex, voices were heard questioning the use of the term italicteamitalic for this increasingly diverse collection of professionals [xref reftypebibr ridB2424xref] and the wisdom of introducing what Hunter called 'managerialism' into this unstructured context [xref reftypebibr ridB2525xref].
        However, in spite of the efforts to educate, promote teamwork and pump evidence into practices, there is an increasing understanding that it is not italiceventsitalic that bring about change but italicprocessesitalic that allow the work of many to be coordinated and summated. Managerial processes reengineering, process redesign are influencing educational interventions and hybrids are emerging, illustrated by the interest in learning organisations [xref reftypebibr ridB3737xref], of which PPDPs are an example. When considered alongside the arrival of tighter accountability frameworks [xref reftypebibr ridB44xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3838xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3939xref], the proposal to base practice development on a combination of organisational development and selfdirected learning methods seems to be timely.
          JGI is a rare condition and less than 200 cases have been published since its first description in 1914. The clinical picture is almost diagnostic. Endoscopy performed by someone familiar with this rare entity is certainly diagnostic and CTScan of the abdomen could also help. There is no medical treatment for acute JGI and the correct treatment is surgical intervention as soon as possible.
          The CMV IE1 promoterenhancer is not fibertyperestricted and can be useful for driving germline transgene expression in all four fiber types. However, not all fibers express the gene at high levels due in part to regional differences in overall expression levels, and to a high level of withinfibertype variability. Given the multinucleate syncitial nature of muscle fibers, it is not likely that this variability is due to variegating heterochromatinization. The soleus muscle would make a suitable subject for nearuniform experimental gene expression driven by CMV IE1 elements.
      sec
          These data suggest that the GtoA polymorphism in the hepatic GCK promoter is associated with hepatic insulin resistance in Asian Indians.
      We report here for the first time a nuclear sequestration of a ribosomal protein during a transient period at the onset of stationary phase. A plausible explanation is that this kind of regulation permits a rapid production of ribosomes if nutrients are encountered before a more pronounced stationary phase is entered. However, recent data [xref reftypebibr ridB99xref, xref reftypebibr ridB1010xref] show that release of italiccdc14,italic sequestered in the nucleolus, is involved in the proper exit from mitosis. Because ribosomes might regulate cell cycle progression [xref reftypebibr ridB1111xref], it is possible that sequestering ribosome in the nucleus is an additional level of regulation involved in ensuring a correct cell cycle arrest.
          The pattern of subcellular partitioning of FXR1P isoforms during myogenesis is unique among the family of the FXR proteins. The model system described here should be considered as a powerful tool for ongoing attempts to unravel structurefunction relationships of the different FMR family members since the potential roles of FXR1P as a compensatory factor in Fragile X syndrome is still elusive.
      Previous studies on the FMR proteins have shown that although the FXR1 protein is predominantly cytoplasmic, in rare occasions a nuclear localization has been observed in undifferentiated cells in several tissues of human foetuses and mouse embryo [xref reftypebibr ridB1515xref,xref reftypebibr ridB4949xref]. The model system of C2C4 myoblasts that can be manipulated italicin vitroitalic to differentiate into myotubes provides strong evidence that specific isoforms of FXR1P are indeed sequestred in the nucleus in undifferentiated myoblasts. As a working hypothesis we propose that the pattern of nucleocytoplasmic partitioning of FXR1P isoforms is under the control of factors regulating cell differentiation. By extention, we also speculate that isoforms of FMRP, that for the moment have escaped detection due to the very restricted number of available antibodies, might play a nuclear role in mRNA maturation at specific stages of neuronal differentiation and plasticity. In conclusion, the model system described here should be considered as a powerful tool for ongoing attempts to unravel structurefunction relationships of the different FMR family members since the potential roles of FXR1P and FXR2P as a compensatory factors in Fragile X Mental Retardation is still elusive.
          The consequences of the italicipditalic and italicisaitalic mutations are modified in the AKXD28Ty background. These strains provide a resource for the identification of modifier genes that modulate pigment dispersion and susceptibility to pressureinduced cell death.
      We have documented the development of a disease involving iris stromal atrophy and glaucoma in aged AKXD28 mice. These results add to our understanding of the natural history of glaucoma in mice and provide a new animal model for studying glaucoma involving increased IOP. Furthermore, careful phenotypic comparisons between the AKXD28 and D2 strains suggests that the AKXD28 genome contains genetic modifiers that suppress pigment dispersion and increase susceptibility to pressureinduced retinal damage. These results provide a basis for future research to identify glaucoma modifier genes and to dissect the molecular mechanisms by which they act.
          Our results indicate that the Rab27 subfamily of Raslike GTPases is highly conserved in mammals. There is high degree of conservation in sequence and gene structure between italicRAB27Aitalic and italicRAB27Bitalic genes. Exogenous expression of Rab27b in melanocytes results in melanosomal association as observed for Rab27a, suggesting the two Rab27 proteins are functional homologues. As with italicRAB27Aitalic in Griscelli Disease, italicRAB27Bitalic may be also associated with human disease mapping to chromosome 18.
          In this report we evaluate sarcospan as a candidate gene for CFEOM1. We have found that it is highly unlikely that sarcospan is involved in the pathogenesis of this disease. As of yet no sarcospan gene mutations have been found to cause muscular abnormalities.
      The DNA sequence analysis and protein immunofluorescence results that show sarcospan to be normal in CFEOM1 patients, combined with the localization of sarcospan to BACs that are outside of the CFEOM1 critical region, make it unlikely that sarcospan is involved in CFEOM1.
          The CPβ gene italicCappb1italic mapped to Chromosome 4 between italicCdc42italic and italicD4Mit312italic. Three mouse mutations, snubnose, curly tail, and cribriform degeneration, map in the vicinity of the β gene.
      The CPβ gene italicCappb1italic mapped to Chromosome 4 between italicCdc42italic and italicD4Mit312italic. Three mouse mutations, snubnose, curly tail, and cribriform degeneration, map in the vicinity of the β gene.
          We have isolated, characterised and localised italicCtnsitalic, the murine homologue of italicCTNSitalic underlying cystinosis. Furthermore, our work has brought to light the existence of a differential pattern of expression between the human and murine homologues, providing critical information for the generation of a mouse model for cystinosis.
      Although, the encoded products of italicCTNSitalic, the gene underlying nephropathic cystinosis, and its murine homologue, italicCtnsitalic, are highly conserved between man and mouse, they have a differential expression pattern. This information is crucial for the analysis of a mouse model for cystinosis which, in the absence of a spontaneous mouse mutant, we are currently generating in order to study the pathogenesis of cystinosis italicin vivoitalic.
          Further development on cholera modeling requires a better understanding of italicV. choleraeitalic ecology and epidemiology. We need estimates of the prevalence of italicV. choleraeitalic infection in endemic populations as well as a better description of the relationship between dose and virulence.
          Of all DNA structures described so far with which HMG1 and HMG2 interact, we have found that Form X, a DNA loop with a semicatenated DNA junction at its base, is the structure with the highest affinity by more than 4 orders of magnitude. This suggests that, if similar structures exist in the cell nucleus, one of the functions of these proteins might be linked to the remarkable property of DNA hemicatenanes to associate two distant regions of the genome in a stable but reversible manner.
      Of all DNA structures described so far with which HMG1 and HMG2 interact, we have found that Form X, a DNA loop with a semicatenated DNA junction at its base, is the structure with the highest affinity by more than 4 orders of magnitude, suggesting that the possibility should be studied that such DNA hemicatenanes might exist in the cell nucleus. In addition, a role for the HMG domain in the formation or the stabilization of higher order chromatin structures has often been suggested reviews in [xref reftypebibr ridB11xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3232xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3838xref], and our results go further in the same direction, by suggesting that one of the functions of HMG12 might be linked to the remarkable property of Form X to associate two distant regions of the genome in a stable but reversible manner.
          We have devised a simple, rapid and easy method for generating cDNA clone from genomic sequences. The full length HOXD13 clone 1.1 kb generated with this technique was confirmed by sequence analysis. This simple approach can be utilized to generate fulllength cDNA clones from available partial genomic sequences.
      In summary, we have developed a simple, rapid and easy to perform PCRbased procedure to generate full length cDNA clone from two partial genomic clones. Although we have demonstrated the use of the technique by preparing a full length HoxD13 cDNA clone, the procedure could be easily adapted to other complex subsets of low abundance genes. A major advantage of this method over existing ones is its simplicity, specificity and precision, which eliminates the need for several intermediate enzymes and steps to generate a full length clone.
          The enhancer within the italicura4italic origin cluster in fission yeast contains multiple sequence motifs. Many of these stimulate origin function in partially redundant fashion. Some of them resemble motifs also found in core origins. The next step is to identify the proteins that bind to these stimulatory sequences.
          An animal model has been developed in which the absence of italicPtenitalic collaborates with italicWnt1italic to induce ductal carcinoma in the mammary gland. This animal model may be useful for testing therapies specific for tumors deregulated in the PTENPI3KAKT pathway.
          We conclude that, in mouse cells, the upstream and downstream stop codon contexts affect readthrough via different mechanisms, suggesting that complex interactions take place between the mRNA and the various components of the translation termination machinery. Comparison of our results with those previously obtained in plant cells and in yeast, strongly suggests that the mechanisms involved in stop codon recognition are conserved among eukaryotes.
      Altogether, our results indicate that different signals are involved in the interaction between the translational machinery and the upstream and downstream stop codon contexts. In addition, they also suggest that the mechanisms involved in readthrough are common to eukaryotes, pointing to either an ancient origin of the translation termination machinery, or to very strong structural constraints at the level of the eukaryotic ribosome. Another implication of these observations is that the readthrough sequence analyzed here, although first described in a plant virus, might be used as a recoding signal also in mammals and yeast. Analyzing DNA sequence data bases should help in identifying such putative physiological recoding events.
          The present results do not support an association between the ERα gene and AITD in the Japanese population.
      ERα belongs to the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily and modulates the transcription of target genes in response to estrogen [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref]. Recent studies have shown the presence of ERαs on the cells involved in the immune response, namely thymocyte, macrophages and endothelial cells [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref]. Particular attention has been focused on the dosedependent influence of estrogen on the immune response, which appears to be related to the clinical symptoms of autoimmunity i.e. the effects of pregnancy or oral contraceptive pills [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref]. The influence of estrogens on cytokine production by target cells, through interference with their transcriptional activity, has also been the focus of various studies [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref]. The effect of estrogens on the expression of the protooncogenes and oncosuppressor genes involved in programmed cell death apoptosis might also be relevant to human autoimmunity, in particular the uncontrolled synovial lining cell hyperplasia associated with rheumatoid arthritis and the prolonged Tcell survival in systemic lupus erythematosus [xref reftypebibr ridB2222xref]. Thus, we investigated the relation between a dinucleotide TAn repeat polymorphism lying upstream of the human ERα gene and AITDs. Our data did not appear to indicate any association between the ERα gene and the AITDs analyzed. This result might indicate of a large diversity in the genetic background of AITDs, although this observation deserves further analysis in a larger group of AITD patients.
          The present results do not support an association between the ERβ microsatellite marker and AITD in the Japanese population. We also suggest that the ERβ microsatellite polymorphism has at most a minor pathogenic importance in predicting the risk of osteoporosis as a complication of GD.
      Our data did not appear to indicate any association between a dinucleotide repeat polymorphism located in the flanking region of ERβ gene and the AITDs analyzed. However, this does not rule out the ERβ gene as a whole; other polymorphisms within the gene could still be associated with AITD. There are also limitations in using microsatellite markers with multiple allleles in casecontrol studies. Our result might be indicative of a large diversity in the genetic backgrounds of AITDs, although this observation deserves further analysis in a larger group of AITD patients. We also suggest that the ERβ microsatellite polymorphism has at most a minor pathogenic importance in predicting the risk of osteoporosis as a complication of GD, although further study is warranted to confirm the affects of this polymorphism on BMD and risk of osteoporosis.
          We report that the italicFok Iitalic polymorphism at the VDR gene locus is associated with insulin sensitivity, but has no influence on beta cell function in healthy Caucasians. Although this polymorphism has been shown to affect the activation of vitamin Ddependent transcription, the molecular basis of the association between this polymorphism and insulin resistance remains to be determined.
          These results reveal that the molecular biologicallydetermined dopamine receptors of peripheral lymphocytes are reactive, and that increased expression of dopamine receptor in peripheral lymphocyte has possible clinical significance for subgrouping of schizophrenis.
      We believe a latter interpretation is more plausible but stricter and more prudent prospective study design is necessary before reaching more convincing conclusions. This study indicated that dopamine receptors in peripheral lymphocytes are elevated in certain populations of schizophrenic patients compared to controls before taking antipsychotics, and dynamically changed after taking antipsychotics. Therefore dopamine receptor in peripheral lymphocyte may be an easily accessible candidate for a biological marker and studying a pharmacodynamic study in a future.
    sec
          These findings indicate a common pattern of structure and function among viral transmembrane fusion proteins from a number of virus families. Such a pattern may define a viral transmembrane superfamily that evolved from a common precursor eons ago.
      The most likely explanation for such high levels of similarity among Arenaviruses and Filoviruses would be divergence of both of these agents from a common viral ancestor. Since both virus families exhibit type variation over large areas coupled with stability among isolates within a more limited geographical area over considerable periods of time the Arenaviruses being the more widespread such divergence must have occurred eons ago. The potential importance of such apparent conservation in the biology of these agents is underscored by noting that of the corresponding peptide sequences within the TM superfamily of proteins, that for HIV1 forms the center of a peptide analogue shown to inhibit fusion in the nanomolar range [xref reftypebibr ridB2020xref].
      This, and previous studies by us, have shown that patients with early hyperglycaemia, whether diabetic or not, have an increased risk for allograft rejection. While hyperglycaemia is not the only risk for allograft rejection, it is both common and eminently susceptible to intervention. There are sound reasons why sugars should be tightly controlled following transplantation in patients italicwithitalic diabetes. Further, we believe the prevention of early hyperglycaemia and attention to insulin resistance may also serve to reduce allograft injury and decrease rejection episodes in patients italicwithout diabetes.italic Further research is needed to determine if such interventions can improve transplant outcomes. 
