    sec
          These results suggest that protein microarrays can provide a practical means to characterize patterns of variation in hundreds of thousands of different proteins in clinical or research applications.
          Our results indicate that an inverted repeat with the core sequence 5'TGAA present in both subtelomeric regions acts as a Cbs in italicStylonychia.italic The results allow us to propose a mechanistic model for DNA processing in this ciliate.
      Our data indicate that no micronuclear specific DNA sequences are required for specific DNA fragmentation during macronuclear development of the hypotrichous ciliate italicStylonychia.italic Instead they are found in both subtelomeric regions of macronuclear precursor sequences, although they do not have to be localized at identical positions with respect to the breakage site. We show that these sequences are not only required but also sufficient for DNA fragmentation. Moreover, a functional analysis of an inverted repeat found in this region revealed that it functions as a StCbs.
          These results suggest that italicSHMTps1italic originated close to the origin of the Anthropoidea, some 40 to 50 million years ago.
          The processed EEG is able to continuously monitor the end result of some therapeutics at the neuronal level when natural artifacts are suppressed or eliminated by neuromuscular blockade. Computer processed EEG monitoring may be the only objective method of assessing and controlling sedation during therapeutic musculoskeletal paralysis.
          It was concluded that the choice of lipid emulsions depends, for these formulae, on the metabolic and clinical needs of the treated patients.
          Medical complications are universal in the traumatized patient awaiting the determination of brain death. These complications necessitate aggressive and costly care in the intensive care unit in order to optimize organ function in preparation for possible transplantation. In our institution, the determination of brain death using a single clinical examination and a nuclear medicine flow study significantly shortened the brain death stay and reduced associated charges accrued during this period. The complication and organ procurement rates were not affected in this small, preliminary report sample.
          The Bomed NCCOM 3 bioimpedance monitor shows poor agreement with the Baxter Vigilance continuous thermodilution monitor in a group of general ICU patients and cannot be recommended for cardiac output monitoring in this situation.
          Peak inspiratory pressure was significantly lower during PRVC ventilation than during VC ventilation, and thus PRVC may be superior to VC in certain patients. However, in this small group of patients, we could not demonstrate that PRVC improved outcome.
          We concluded that knowledge of the patients' pH, pCOsub2sub and pOsub2sub in life threatening situations yields more objective information about oxygenation, carbon dioxide and acidbase regulation than pulse oximetry andor capnometry alone. Additionally, it enables physicians to correct severe hypokalemia or hypocalcemia in cases of cardiac failure or malignant arrhythmia.
      There are several indications for the use of prehospital blood analysis in emergency situations. In cases of critically ill or severely traumatized patients the widely used monitoring techniques like pulse oximetry and capnometry are limited and not acceptable alternatives to blood gas analysis. The IRMA transportable blood analyzer, which has been available since April 1996, can deliver these valuable blood gas measurements. The system has been found to be very useful; it is easily transportable and after some corrections performs reliably. We believe that in the future prehospital blood analysis will become an important part of a well organized emergency system.
          Jugular venous saturation and AVDOsub2sub were influenced by systemic pH, ECMO type and patient age. These data provide the foundation for normative values of JVOsub2sub and AVDOsub2sub in neonates and children treated with ECMO.
          Patients who require PMV and RRT have a very poor prognosis. The small number of patients with renal insufficiency not requiring RRT had a more favorable hospital outcome and mortality, but longterm survival remained poor.
