          The most likely mechanism of generation of Xalignments involves large chromosomal inversions that reverse the genomic sequence symmetrically around the origin of replication. The finding of these Xalignments between many pairs of species suggests that chromosomal inversions around the origin are a common feature of bacterial genome evolution.
      We present here a novel observation regarding the conservation between bacterial species of the distance of particular genes from the replication origin or terminus. The initial observation was only possible due to the availability of complete genome sequences from pairs of moderately closely related species for example, italicV. choleraeitalic and italicE. coliitalic. This shows the importance of having genome pairs from many levels of evolutionary relatedness. Comparisons of distantly related species enable the determination of universal features of life as well as of events that occur very rarely. Comparison of very closely related species allows the identification of frequent events such as transitional changes at third codon positions or tandem duplications. To elucidate all other events in the history of life, genome pairs covering all the intermediate levels of evolutionary relatedness will be needed.
          The genome of italicD. melanogasteritalic contains at least ten families of nonsitespecific nonLTR retrotransposons representing three distinct clades. Many of these families contain potentially active members. Fine evolutionary analyses must await the more accurate sequences that are expected in the next future.
          The results of comparative genome analysis show that IKF formation is a real, but relatively rare, evolutionary phenomenon. We hypothesize that IKFs are formed primarily via the proposed twostage mechanism, but other than in the Actinomycetes, in which IKF generation seems to be an active, ongoing process, most of the standalone intermediates have been eliminated, perhaps because of functional redundancy.
          'Skimming' the genome of italicRhizobiumitalic sp. NGR234 sheds new light on the fine structure and evolution of its replicons, as well as on the integration of symbiotic functions in the genome of a soil bacterium. Although most putative coding sequences could be distributed into functional classes similar to those in italicBacillus subtilis,italic functions related to transposable elements were more abundant in NGR234. In contrast to ISs that accumulated in pNGR234italicaitalic and pNGR234italicbitalic, the hundreds of RIME elements seem mostly attributes of the chromosome.
      Random sequencing of ANU265 followed by homology searches of public databases resulted in the identification of 1,130 putative proteincoding sequences, of which 922 41% could be classified into functional groups. Comparison of these data with those derived from the complete sequence of the italicB. subtilisitalic genome showed a similar distribution of putative coding sequences, except perhaps for functions related to transposable elements Table xref reftypetable ridT22xref. In fact, the genome of ANU265 carries more putative transposases and other ISrelated functions 5.5% of all identified genes, and 2.2% of all shotgun sequences than that of italicB. subtilis.italic Nevertheless, in proportion to their size, the chromosome and megaplasmid of NGR234 carry fewer IS sequences than pNGR234italicaitalic. Furthermore, hybridization data indicate that the density of known transposable elements is higher in pNGR234italicbitalic than on the chromosome order of IS accretion is: pNGR234italicaitalic &gt; pNGR234italicbitalic &gt; chromosome [xref reftypebibr ridB1111xref]. This suggests that IS elements preferentially accumulate on plasmids, possibly because they are less likely to disrupt essential functions. In contrast, the many RIME elements present in NGR234 are clearly more abundant on the chromosome and megaplasmid than on pNGR234italicaitalic. Together, the distinct G+C contents and structural features of the symbiotic plasmid, megaplasmid and chromosome suggest that different evolutionary constraints and histories contributed to shape these three replicons.
          Large differences in gene expression between queens and workers indicate that social insect castes have faced strong directional selection pressures. Overexpression of metabolic enzymes by queendestined larvae appears to reflect the enhanced growth rate of queens during late larval development. Many of the differently expressed genes we identified have been tied to metabolic rates and cellular responses to hormones, a result consistent with known physiological differences between queen and worker larvae.
          sourceAm Zoolsource
          RNAi by feeding can provide significant information about the functions of an individual gene beyond that provided by injection. Moreover, it can be used for special applications for which injection or the use of mutants is sometimes impracticable for example, titration, biochemistry and largescale screening. Thus, RNAi by feeding should make possible new experimental approaches for the use of genomic sequence information.
          Tree harvesting is a potentially useful tool for exploration of gene expression data and identification of interesting clusters of genes worthy of further investigation.
      The tree harvest procedure is a promising, general method for supervised learning from gene expression data. It aims to find additive and interaction structure among clusters of genes, in their relation to an outcome measure. This procedure, and probably any procedure with similar aims, requires a large number of samples to uncover successfully such structure. In the real data examples, the method was somewhat hampered by the paucity of available samples. We plan to try tree harvesting on larger gene expression datasets, as they become available. We used a forward stepwise strategy involving sum and products of the average gene expression of chosen clusters. We chose this strategy because it produces interpretable, biologically plausible models. Other models could be built from the average gene expression of clusters, including treebased models or boosting methods see, for example, Friedman italicet alitalic. [xref reftypebibr ridB99xref].
