          Contrary to earlier reports, induction of a major increase in globin transcripts in the mouse spleen was not associated with a detectable level of antisense RNA to globin mRNA.
      sec
          These findings provide the first functional evidence for the increase of SERCA pumping capacity in cells subjected to the ER stress. Since at least three different and unrelated mechanisms of eliciting the ER stress response were found to cause this functional upregulation of Casup2+sup transport into the ER, these results support the existence of a coupling between the induction of the UPR pathway in general, and the regulation of expression of at least one of the SERCA pump isoforms.
      This work shows for the first time an upregulation of ER Casup2+sup ATPase SERCA activity upon a disturbance of the internal ER environment by several agents known to evoke the ER stress response, or UPR. Since UPR may be activated by a variety of unrelated stimuli, e.g. Casup2+sup depletion, inhibition of glycosylation, misfolding due to faulty amino acid precursors, energy deprivation or interference with the ER oxidative milieu [xref reftypebibr ridB77xref,xref reftypebibr ridB99xref], it may be thought of as a final common pathway for signaling ER stress caused by a range of factors. Therefore, we suggest that the UPR pathway is a likely candidate for the common mechanism to underlie the upregulation of SERCA activity following treatments with agents as different in their modes of action as EGTA, tunicamycin and DTT. Within this proposed common mechanism for SERCA activation due to UPR, some variation in the response amplitude between the individual agents appears to exist Fig. xref reftypefig ridF22xref. Further work will be required to understand the level transcriptional andor translational, and the exact mechanisms of such differences.
          The present data have indicated the DAG signaling in thyroid hormonestimulated liver cells. Lthyroxine activates a dual phospholipase pathway in a sequential and synchronized manner: phospholipase C initiates the DAG formation, and PKC mediates the integration of phospholipase D into the signaling response during the sustained phase of agonist stimulation.
      The investigations made indicate that in liver cells LTsub4sub rapidly stimulates the hydrolysis of polyphosphoinositides by PLC with the resultant production of the second messengers inositol triphosphate as well as DAG and PKC activation. The major new finding of this study was that in hepatocytes LTsub4sub stimulated PC cleavage by PLD. As in the other cells, operated by Casup2+supmobilizing receptors, PLD contributes to DAG formation in LTsub4substimulated hepatocytes. DAG formed by PA breakdown could further activate PKC in hormonetreated cells. Inhibitor of PLCdependent phosphoinostide hydrolysis, neomycin sulfate, completely abolishes the first phase of DAG production and reduces the PLDdependent DAG response to LTsub4sub, indicating that PLD is activated during the PLCdependent signaling in liver cells. These data indicate that LTsub4sub activates a dual phospholipase pathway in a sequential and synchronized manner. PLC initiates the increase in Insl,4,5Psub3sub and DAG formation and PKC mediates integration of PLD into the signaling response during the sustained phase of agonist stimulation. The effect of LTsub4sub on PKC, PLD activation and DAG accumulation is highly specific and too rapid from seconds to a few minutes to be compatible with mRNA and protein synthesis. These results provide the first evidence concerning LTsub4sub nongenomic stimulation of phospholipid hydrolysis by phospholipases and DAG accumulation in liver slices and isolated hepatocytes.
          Some of the sites of italicGad1italic expression are tissues that emit signals required for patterning and differentiation AER, vibrissal placodes. Other sites correspond to proliferating stem cell populations that give rise to multiple differentiated tissues tail bud mesenchyme, pharyngeal endoderm and mesenchyme. The dynamic expression of italicGad1italic in such tissues suggests a wider role for GABA signaling in development than was previously appreciated.
      The mouse gene encoding the 67 kDa isoform of glutamate decarboxylase italicGad1italic is expressed in the tail bud mesenchyme, vibrissal placodes, pharyngeal arches and pouches and the apical ectodermal ridge AER, mesenchyme and ectoderm of the limb buds in mouse embryos from E9.0E14.5. Some of the italicGad1italic expressing tissues vibrissal placodes, AER are known sources of developmental signals. Other sites of expression correspond to stem cell populations that give rise to multiple differentiated tissues tail bud mesenchyme, pharyngeal endoderm and mesenchyme. The localized and dynamic expression pattern of italicGad1italic suggests a wider role for GAD and GABA in the development of nonneural tissues than was previously known.
          The italicmec3italic upstream sequence appeared to be sequestering titrating out a specific DNAbinding factor that is required for the ALMs to migrate correctly. Because titration of this factor could reverse the direction of ALM migrations, it may be part of a program that specifies both the direction and extent of ALM migrations. italicmec3italic is a master regulator of touch receptor neuron genes, so the factor or factors that bind this sequence may also be involved in specifying the fate of touch receptor neurons.
      Other sequences around the titrating sequence appeared to facilitate the binding of the factor or factors involved in controlling ALM cell migrations. For instance, plasmid pJC10, which contained more surrounding sequence, was more effective than pJC15. These surrounding sequences may contain additional binding sites for this factor or the migration factor may interact with other proteins that bind the italicmec3italic upstream sequences. Thus, the binding of one factor might cooperatively facilitate the binding of other factors. Li et al. [xref reftypebibr ridB2626xref] identified a sequence upstream of italicher1italic that phenocopied an italicsdcitalic mutation when transformed into italicC. elegansitalic in high copy arrays. They too found that several regions of the italicher1italic upstream sequence contributed to the effect.
      The experiments described here show that transformation of italicC. elegansitalic with many copies of a specific sequence located upstream of italicmec3italic induced cell migration and axonal guidance defects. This italicmec3italic upstream sequence appeared to be sequestering a factor involved in controlling ALM migration and PLM axonal outgrowth. This factor may also regulate italicmec3italic and thereby control touch receptor neuron fate. Titration of transcription factors with high copy arrays may become widely applicable in italicC. elegansitalic once conditions that optimize this effect are found. The ALM defect described here may be useful for finding these conditions.
          These results support morphogenic mechanisms involving organization of 
      Our results support a model of mesenchymal differentiation and iridocorneal 
drawn only from high quality sections. This approach guarded against the 
          In contrast to existing italiclacZitalic reporter lines, where italiclacZitalic expression cannot easily be detected in living tissue, the EYFP and ECFP reporter strains are useful for monitoring the expression of Cre and tracing the lineage of these cells and their descendants in cultured embryos or organs. The nonoverlapping emission spectra of EYFP and ECFP make them ideal for double labeling studies in living tissues.
      We have constructed two reporter lines of mice that express EYFP or ECFP only in cells expressing the Cre recombinase, and their daughter cells, by targeting these cDNAs into the ubiquitously expressed ROSA26 locus, preceded by a italicloxPitalic flanked stop sequence. Crosses with a general Cre expressing strain βactinCre and two tissuespecific Cre strains Isl1Cre and En1Cre showed that the reporter strains function as expected, based on their similarity to the well characterized R26RlacZ strains. In contrast to italiclacZitalic expression, which cannot be easily detected in living tissue, the EYFP and ECFP reporter strains together with the GFP reporter strains currently available will be very useful for monitoring the expression of Cre in living tissues, or tracing the lineage of these cells and their descendants, in cultured embryos or organs. Furthermore, by using modified forms of Cre whose recombinase activity is inducible, one can use these reporter mice to perform detailed analysis on the lineage of cells at different time points during development.
          Survivin is known to be a prosurvival and antiapoptotic factor. Given that survivin translocation into the nucleus is required for the induction of entry into the cell cycle and the inhibition of apoptosis, our demonstration of nuclearlocalized survivin protein in presumptive ductal and proacinar lumenbounding cells suggests that survivin may be a key mediator of embryonic SMG epithelial cell survival.
      Although apoptosis has been shown to mediate embryonic SMG ductal and proacinar lumen formation, little is known about which factors mediate the antiapoptosisprosurvival signal. Our demonstration of a significant increase in survivin expression concomitant with SMG lumina formation, as well as survivin protein's nuclear localization in presumptive ductal and proacinar lumenbounding cells, suggest that survivin is be a key mediator of embryonic SMG lumenbounding epithelial cell survival.
          Three features of development are especially noted that compare or contrast with other members of the Neopterygii, and with the Chondrostei. These are meroblastic cleavage, a welldefined yolk syncytial layer italicysl,italic and a pit at the posterodorsal edge of the blastoderm, which defines an overhanging dorsal lip. Meroblastic cleavage and the italicyslitalic in the garpike show an affinity to those character states in the teleosts, though not with italicAmia,italic the other neopterygian fish. The posterodorsal pit and dorsal lip are reminiscent of similar features in the Chondrostei. italicLepisosteusitalic is unique among the Neopterygii with respect to this character state. Such comparisons set the stage for a broader understanding of the mechanisms for development in these organisms, and of the evolutionary relationships between them.
          MARCKS is transiently accumulated at the apical region of neural plate and lens placode cells during processes of bending. This asymmetric subcellular distribution of MARCKS starts before the onset of neural plate bending. These results suggest possible upstream regulatory actions of MARCKS on some functions of the actin subapical meshwork.
      Our results show that MARCKS protein is transiently accumulated to the apical border of neural plate and lens placode cells, in close apposition to the apical actin meshwork, during the processes of neural tube and lens vesicle formation. These observations provide additional structural counterparts to the knockout and transgenic mice analyses, although they also generate new problems, as respect to the role of MARCKS in spinal neural plate bending. In addition, these new results concerning an apical concentration of MARCKS open new questions about the mechanisms able to generate and transiently maintain its asymmetric distribution.
          This work supports the view that organisational development has considerable potential for bringing about effective change, and individual contributions could form a valuable component of personal portfolios. We believe that the existing structures in education and management in the health service are not yet able to support these processes. Evidence from the fields of risk management and quality improvement all point to the need to develop effective organisational systems and the results of this feasibility study indicate that alternative models of sustaining organisational development need careful evaluation.
          The analysis of italicnrg1Δitalic demonstrates that Nrg1 plays a role in glucose repression of the italicSUC2italic and italicGALitalic genes of italicS. cerevisiae.italic Thus, three repressors, Nrg1, Mig1, and Mig2, are involved as the downstream targets of the glucose signaling in S. cerevisiae.
      In conclusion, these studies have identified Nrg1 as a third repressor required for glucose repression at italicSUC2italic and the italicGALitalic genes. Based on the similarity between the zinc fingers of Nrg1 and Mig1, the phenotypes of italicnrg1Δitalic and italicmig1Δ,italic and the reported interaction between Nrg1 and Ssn6 [xref reftypebibr ridB1111xref], Nrg1 likely functions by binding to the target promoters and recruiting the Ssn6Tup1 complex. The relative and possible cooperative roles of each of these repressors in recruiting Ssn6Tup1 remains to be determined.
          The A54T polymorphism at the FABP2 locus is a risk factor for insulin resistance in a Caucasian population.
          We conclude that NFATp is a bona fide transcriptional activator. Moreover, the reagents and methods that we developed will facilitate future studies on the mechanisms of transcriptional activation and nuclear accumulation by NFATp, a member of an important family of transcriptional regulatory proteins.
      We have found that human NFATp is a bona fide transcriptional activator and that regions outside of the central DNA binding domain are required for NFATp to activate transcription. Our experiments in a reconstituted transcription system lacking contaminating AP1 proteins and using DNA templates with high affinity NFAT sites demonstrate that NFATp can function as a transcriptional activator on its own. We have also shown that recombinant NFATp purified from insect cells is a phosphoprotein that exhibits association with nuclei in vitro only after dephosphorylation by calcineurin. The recombinant full length and deletion mutants of human NFATp used in the studies described here as well as the methods that we have developed will be valuable for future biochemical studies of the function of NFATp in DNA binding, transcriptional activation, phosphorylationdephosphorylation, and nuclear association.
          This assay is sensitive enough to determine the amounts of 3nitrotyrosine in plasma proteins from one animal only.
          Human secondary lymphoid organs react with an increase in the proportion of B lymphocytes and a decrease in the number of CD45RAsup+sup T cells naive. In tonsils, this is due to chronic pathogen stimulation, whereas in lymph nodes draining head and neck carcinomas the reaction is prompted by surrounded tumors. During this process, secondary lymphoid organs develop secondary follicles with a special organization of T and B cells in consecutive layers, that are described here by confocal microscopy. This pattern of cellular distribution may suggest a model of cell migration into the secondary lymphoid follicles.
      Human control lymph nodes have a higher number of T lymphocytes than tonsils or tumor reactive lymph nodes. These are mostly T cells with naive phenotype CD45RAsup+sup. Histologically, control lymph nodes only show primary lymph follicles. Tonsils and tumor reactive lymph nodes display an increase in the number of B cells and a decrease in the number of CD45RAsup+sup T lymphocytes. Studies in tissue sections show the formation of secondary lymphoid follicles with a very organized structure constituted by alternative layers of subpopulations of B and T lymphocytes: CD19supbrightsup B cell zone, CD69supbrightsup CD45ROsup+sup intra GC T cell layer, a follicular mantle B cell layer and an external T cell zone. The characteristics of mantle B cells are nearly identical to the primary follicle B cells. We propose a hypothetical model of lymphocyte migration in the GC.
          These observations indicate that appropriately timed proteolysis of TBP and TAFsubIIsub135 is required for normal F9 cell differentiation. Hence, in addition to transactivators, targeted proteolysis of basal transcription factors also plays an important role in gene regulation in response to physiological stimuli.
      We report for the first time that components of the basal transcription machinery are subject to regulation by targeted proteolysis in response to a physiological stimulus. Our results point to a critical role of TAFsubIIsub135 in F9 cell physiology. It is downregulated during F9 cell differentiation and expression of TAFsubIIsub135 at elevated levels promotes cell growth, impairs the normal TRA response, and induces a novel differentiation pathway.
          Ala9Val substitution in the italicMnSODitalic gene was associated with DN in a Russian population
      A number of techniques have been described for detection of the Ala 9Val italicMnSODitalic gene dimorphism. One such method is PCR amplification of the polymorphic region, followed by italicBsaitalicWI treatment i. e., PCRrestriction fragment length polymorphism, PCRRFLP [xref reftypebibr ridB1616xref]. Another method is singlestrand conformational polymorphism SSCP analysis of the product amplified by PCR [xref reftypebibr ridB99xref]. A third method is twostep PCR using allelespecific primers for a second round of PCR [xref reftypebibr ridB1010xref]. Finally, the PCR product can be hybridized with allelespecific oligonucleotide ASO probes [xref reftypebibr ridB1313xref]. We have decided to use restriction endonuclease italicBshitalicT1 for detection of the Ala9Val polymorphism because this enzyme is commercially available in Russia whereas italicBsaitalicWI is not. Our detection method has advantages over other techniques because is no need to carry out using the second round of PCR or laborious procedure of SSCP analysis after PCR amplification. Our molecular assay involves use of the mismatchPCRRFLP approach, which can be applied to the detection of any polymorphic single base substitution that fails to create or eliminates restriction sites. This rapid assay requires no special equipment or expertise. The use of a mismatch PCR primer makes it possible to create a restriction site in the amplified product only in the presence of the polymorphic base. This approach has been used to genotype the M235T variant of angiotensinogen [xref reftypebibr ridB2727xref] and the C1166T nucleotide variation in the angiotensinogen II type 1 receptor gene [xref reftypebibr ridB2828xref].
    sec
        Research into Mendelian disorders has provided ample evidence of genetic stratification, with mutations occurring at high frequencies in some Romani communities and altogether absent in others, located in close geographic proximity. In some cases, such as Glanzmann thrombasthenia [xref reftypebibr ridB6363xref,xref reftypebibr ridB6464xref], LGMD2C [xref reftypebibr ridB6565xref,xref reftypebibr ridB6666xref], galactokinase deficiency [xref reftypebibr ridB4444xref], CCFDN [xref reftypebibr ridB4242xref] and HMSNR [xref reftypebibr ridB4040xref], the identity of the affected groups has been specified. Other studies, for example of congenital glaucoma [xref reftypebibr ridB6161xref,xref reftypebibr ridB6262xref] and ADPKD [xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref] provide only an indication of the area of residence of the affected communities. In the few cases where gene frequencies can be compared between highrisk groups and the general Romani population of the same country, substantial differences become apparent Table xref reftypetable ridT33xref.
          Analysis of the currently available bacterial genome sequences classifies italicBacillus anthracisitalic and italicYersinia pestisitalic as having an average approximately 30 per Mb density of tandem repeat arrays longer than 100 bp when compared to the other bacterial genomes analysed to date. In both cases, testing a fraction of these sequences for polymorphism was sufficient to quickly develop a set of more than fifteen informative markers, some of which show a very high degree of polymorphism. In one instance, the polymorphism information content index reaches 0.82 with allele length covering a wide size range 6001950 bp, and nine alleles resolved in the small number of independent italicBacillus anthracisitalic strains typed here.
      We limited here our investigation of tandem repeats to minisatellites, i.e. repeat units longer than 9 basepairs, so as to avoid simple sequence contingency loci [xref reftypebibr ridB88xref] of limited epidemiological value, and to facilitate the typing of alleles with agarose gel electrophoresis. However, simple sequence contingency loci are also represented in the database and are of great interest for molecular pathogenicity studies [xref reftypebibr ridB66xref, xref reftypebibr ridB77xref, xref reftypebibr ridB88xref]. The use of the tandem repeats database was demonstrated here on two of the most genetically homogeneous human pathogenes, italicY. pestisitalic and italicB. anthracisitalic. There is consequently a possibility that a common database format for identification and epidemiological analyses of pathogens amenable to minisatellite typing be developed. As more data becomes available on polymorphism associated with tandem repeats, it will be added to the database presented here in order to avoid duplication of work and nomenclature.
          These results suggest that macrophage induction of italicppaitalic is not a general phenomenon among intracellular pathogens.
      The organelle that drives the motility of swimming cyanobacteria has not yet been identified. The spicules identified here could comprise part of the motility apparatus as they extend to both the site of energy transduction the cell membrane and the site of mechanical work external to the surface layer. In any case, our elucidation of the surface structure summarized in Fig. xref reftypefig ridF55xref provides new constraints on theoretical models for motility.
