          By the end of the year 2002, the Million Women Study will have sufficient statistical power to detect relative risks of 0.8 or less, or of 1.2 or more in current users compared with never users of hormone replacement therapy for mortality from breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung and ovarian cancer, ischaemic heart disease and stroke.
          GSTM1null genotype alone had no effect on tumour characteristics and outcome of patients with advanced breast cancers. The lack of correlation of GSTM1 genotype with clinical tumour features, clinical response to chemotherapy and survival exclude a role for GSTM1 polymorphism as a prognostic factor in advanced breast cancer.
          Overexpression of cyclin Dsub1sub in preneoplastic lesions
          The gene shaving method is a potentially useful tool for exploration of gene expression data and identification of interesting clusters of genes worth further investigation.
      fig positionfloat idF1
      We have proposed a set of 'shaving' methods for isolating interesting clusters of genes from a set of DNA microarray experiments. The methods may be unsupervised, or may be supervised  that is, use information available about the samples such as a class label or survival time. The proposed shaving methods search for clusters of genes showing both high variation across the samples, and coherence correlation across  the genes. Both of these aspects are important and cannot be captured by simple clustering of the genes, or thresholding of individual genes based on the variation over samples.
          Both italicEDNRBitalic and italicKITitalic were excluded as a cause of the white spotting pattern in at least two of the intercross progeny. Although these genes have been implicated in white spotting in other mammals, including horses, pigs, cows, mice and rats, they do not appear to be responsible for the white spotting pattern found in the Border Collie breed of dog.
          A small percentage of the genes expressed in the postnatal developing brain show changes in expression level during the newborn to adult phase of development. It is likely that these developmentally regulated transcripts represent molecular markers for the complex developmental process occurring in the postnatal brain.
      In the course of analyzing gene expression in the postnatal developing murine brain we have observed that approximately 1% of genes transcribed are developmentally regulated. The objective of this report is to permit those interested in such transcripts to selectively isolate specific developmentally regulated transcripts without the necessity of performing an extensive screen. Here we present the RNA fingerprints containing a subset of these developmentally regulated transcripts and we include all the necessary information to permit individual transcripts to be isolated and identified. We have highlighted a total of 131 developmentally regulated transcripts in three broad categories of expression profiles. Of these, approximately 7% 9 fell into category C while the remainder were equally divided between categories A 61 and B 61. We also present confirmatory evidence that changing DDRTPCR expression profiles represent genuine alterations in expression levels during brain development. It should be noted that changes in expression profile reflect changes in RNA level per microgram total RNA in whole brain and, given that the postnatal brain is not a uniform structure, expression profiles should be interpreted accordingly.
          The proteincoding region of GCNF is contained in 11 exons. The genomic structure of this nuclear receptor gene will be useful for further studies.
      The proteincoding region of GCNF is contained in 11 exons. Additional studies will be required to define the regulatorypromoter region. We think the genomic structure of this first, and at present only, member of the sixth subfamily of nuclear receptors will be useful for further studies of this unique receptor.
          UDGs form a single protein superfamily with a distinct structural fold and a common evolutionary origin. Differences in the catalytic mechanism of the different families combined with the construction of the catalytic pocket have, however, resulted in extreme sequence divergence of these enzymes.
      Using sequence profile searches, multiple alignment analysis and protein structure comparisons, we have shown that all known UDGs form a single protein superfamily with a distinct structural fold and a common evolutionary origin. The extreme sequence divergence of different families of UDGs is probably due to differences in their biochemistry, with only the general shape of the protein molecule and the binding pocket being essential for the DNA glycosylase reaction italicper se.italic Although the UDG superfamily is nearly ubiquitous among cellular life forms, the individual families show limited and distinct phyletic distributions. The emerging evolutionary scenario for the UDGs involves multiple events of lateral gene transfer and lineagespecific gene loss. In addition, we predict two previously undetected families of UDGs; the experimental investigation of their functions is expected to broaden the current perspective on these critical repair enzymes.
          Using these techniques to determine which genes are differentially expressed in Nb2 lymphoma cells, we have obtained valuable insight into the potential functions of some of these genes in the cell cycle. Although this information is preliminary, comparison with other eukaryotic models of cellcycle progression enables identification of expression abnormalities and proteins potentially involved in signal transduction, which could indicate new directions for research.
        There are numerous cellular and physiological differences between yeast and multicellular organisms, and some of the molecular divergences observed may reflect these differences. In unicellular organisms the growth priorities are to proliferate as long as enough nutrients are available. In contrast, in multicellular organisms the integrity of the organism is paramount, and individual cell behavior is highly controlled. Therefore proliferation is basically prohibited, and occurs in a cell lineage only if the environment sends the appropriate combination of signals to unlock all the growthinhibition mechanisms. Despite these differences, cellcycle checkpoints located just before and at the end of mitosis are essential and similar in all organisms. These two controls ensure that all the DNA has been correctly replicated before the cell enters mitosis and that the condensed chromosomes are properly aligned on the division spindle before anaphase. Thus, all proteins potentially involved in such controls may be regulated similarly from yeasts to animals and plants.
          Specialpurpose databases organized on the basis of phylogenetic analysis and carefully curated with respect to known and predicted protein functions provide for a significant improvement in genome annotation. A differential genome display approach helps in a systematic investigation of common and distinct features of gene repertoires and in some cases reveals unexpected connections that may be indicative of functional similarities between phylogenetically distant organisms and of lateral gene exchange.
      sec
      The annotation of a new genome is likely to be as good as the databases to which it is compared. The COG database was constructed on the phylogenetic principle of protein classification, namely clustering by probable orthology. In addition, considerable effort has been invested in the functional characterization and classification of the COGs. As a result, using the COGs for annotating new genomes of organisms that do not belong to already wellcharacterized groups provides for numerous functional predictions that are not readily attained in more routine annotation protocols. Furthermore, taking advantage of the structure of the COG database, it is possible to reveal the main functional systems of an organism and its probable evolutionary affinities, and to systematically uncover sets of genes whose presence or absence in the given genome is unexpected and informative from an evolutionary standpoint.
          The CORBA interfaces to the EMBL database address some of the problems of traditional flatfile formats and provide an efficient means for accessing and distributing EMBL data. CORBA also provides a flexible environment for users to develop their applications by building clients to our CORBA servers, which can be integrated into existing systems.
      This paper presents a CORBA infrastructure developed at EMBLEBI. The EMBL object model provides a basis to develop the CORBA server. Employing PersistencesupTMsup maps the object model to the relational schema in the underlying Oracle database. To present Persistence with the right relations, views have been used to transform the vertically mapped tables to horizontal ones. Properly built loaders make use of the technique of 'live object caching' and enhance the performance. The evictor pattern is used for memory management. It has been demonstrated that the CORBA server addresses some problems of the flatfile format and provides a solution to accessing and distributing EMBL sequence data. It also provides a flexible and scalable environment for users to develop their applications by building clients.
