    sec
          The present findings support the view that δopioid receptors are internalized in response to prolonged exposure to dermenkephalin italicin vivoitalic and confirm the presynaptic localization of δopioid receptors in the dorsal horn of the rat spinal cord.
          The interaction of excitatory and inhibitory pathways is essential for the computation of visual motion responses and discussed in the context of the Reichardt model for motion detection.
      Another line along which to identify these input elements could be their transmitter system. Here, the tangential cells have been shown physiologically to possess at least two different transmitter receptors on their dendrite: a cholinergic receptor with a typical nicotinic pharmacological profile, and a γaminobutyric acid GABA receptor [xref reftypebibr ridB2323xref,xref reftypebibr ridB2424xref]. Antibodies against the ARD subunit of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors nAChRs [xref reftypebibr ridB2525xref,xref reftypebibr ridB2626xref] and the RDL subunit of the GABA receptor [xref reftypebibr ridB2727xref] in italicDrosophilaitalic allowed us to investigate the distribution of these receptors in the fly visual system.
      sec
          These data suggest that PEI is a useful agent for the stable expression of plasmidencoded genes in neuronal cultures.
          Postnatal pharmacologic steroid treatment for prevention or treatment of bronchopulmonary dysplasia is associated with dramatic increases in neurodevelopmental impairment. As there is no clear evidence in the literature of long term benefit, their use for this indication should be abandoned.
          There is an unrealised potential in public health practice for more frequent and extensive use of researchbased information. The practitioners did not appear to reflect on the need for scientific information when faced with new cases and few questions of this type were generated.
      sec
        This study indicates that the potential for use of researchbased information is greater than perceived by public health practitioners and that this gap represents an unrecognised information need. It could be claimed that our findings are the result of the unique way the Norwegian public health system is organised. Previous research has for example found that physicians working in solo practices, like most public health practitioners do in Norway, tend to ask fewer questions than those working in group practices [xref reftypebibr ridB2727xref]. It is more interesting, however, to compare our findings with the above mentioned study of Barrie and Ward [xref reftypebibr ridB2626xref], as well as with other studies indicating that general practitioners lack the attitudes, knowledge and behaviour which are necessary conditions for practising evidencebased health care [xref reftypebibr ridB2828xref,xref reftypebibr ridB2929xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3030xref]. In addition, a range of studies among different types of health care professionals [xref reftypebibr ridB3131xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3232xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3333xref] shows that scientific evidence is not the most extensively used information source. In summary, our findings support the view that lack of awareness of and use of scientific evidence is a common problem independent of health care profession and the particular health care system of each country. Also, the need for an evidencebased approach in public health is discussed in as different settings as England and USA [xref reftypebibr ridB3434xref,xref reftypebibr ridB3535xref], which shows that many of these questions and approaches may be the same across countries.
        We are not yet at a stage in our understanding of breast disease such that genetic alterations can substitute for the histopathology of the lesion. A combinatorial histological and genetic approach with sufficient information on survival and response profiles may, however, make for more effective disease prevention and cure in the future. The power of genetic profiles in prognostic relevance has recently been shown by Emi italicet alitalic [xref reftypebibr ridB2121xref]. Studying 15 loci in 264 women, Emi italicet alitalic found that LOH at markers 1p34, 13q12, 17p13.3 and 17q21.1, as well as two pairs of markers 1p3417p13.3 and 13q1217p13.3, had significant prognostic value and carried significant relative risk of death. It would be interesting, given the high frequency of LOH discovered for chromosomal region 18p11.3 in this report, to include this marker along with these regions to determine its usefulness as a predictive risk marker in breast cancer.
      Furthermore, throughout their paper Trock italicet alitalic stressed the difficulties imposed on their study by, for example, the various methodologies employed in the different reports that they considered, the heterogeneity of the patient populations studied, and the different reactivity patterns of the monoclonal antibodies used when performing immunohistochemistry. We can only agree with all these points raised, especially considering that 3 of the 31 studies included in their metaanalysis were by our own group [xref reftypebibr ridB1414xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1515xref,xref reftypebibr ridB1717xref], and we must humbly admit that their methodological criticisms largely apply to them although also to most, if not all, other studies considered. This, however, speaks in favor of the plausible role of the MDR1 gene in the development of resistance to chemotherapy in breast cancer, which persisted throughout the metaanalysis, in spite of the many justified criticisms of the studies included in it.
          Here, using sequence profile searches, we show that several previously undetected protein families contain 2OGFeII oxygenase fold. This allows us to predict the catalytic activity for a wide range of biologically important, but biochemically uncharacterized proteins from eukaryotes and bacteria.
      Before this study, structure determination, biochemical studies and sequence comparisons of 2OGFeII dioxygenases [xref reftypebibr ridB11xref,xref reftypebibr ridB99xref] had elucidated their structural fold, activesite residues and reaction mechanism. Here, using sequence profile searches, we show that many other protein families contain the same constellation of activesite residues and are predicted to adopt the same fold. This allows us to predict the catalytic activity of a wide range of functionally important, but biochemically uncharacterized, proteins from eukaryotes and bacteria. In particular, we propose a specific mechanism of action in DNA repair, and possibly in RNA modification, for the AlkB protein and its homologs.
          Our analysis of this unique italicDrosophilaitalic brain library suggests that the number of genes may be underestimated in this organism. This work complements the italicDrosophilaitalic genome project by providing information that facilitates more complete annotation of the genomic sequence. This library should be a useful resource that will help in determining how basic brain functions operate at the molecular level.
      The initial analysis of an adult italicDrosophilaitalic brain library is presented here. Somewhat surprisingly, we observe no clear connection between the abundance of a transcript and its appearance in a sequence data bank. However, molecular screens that are directed towards isolating rare transcripts may skew the transcriptrelated data in sequence banks towards less abundant molecules. As shown in Figure xref reftypefig ridF11xref and Table xref reftypetable ridT22xref, we have identified and sequenced 29 novel clones that do not match with other known expressed sequences but do match with fly genomic sequence information, 85 clones that are matched with EST data, 71 clones that were previously reported italicDrosophilaitalic sequences, 39 clones that contain ribosomal protein sequences, 27 clones that are matched with genes previously reported for other organisms isologs, Table xref reftypetable ridT33xref and 20 clones corresponding to mitochondrial sequences.
          We have combined genomic and proteomic data into a comprehensive network of information to reach a better understanding of the function of the cohesin complex. We have identified new SMC homologs, created a new SMC phylogeny and identified shared DNA and protein motifs. The potential for Scc2 to function as a kinase  a hypothesis that needs to be verified experimentally  could provide further evidence for the regulation of sisterchromatid cohesion by phosphorylation mechanisms, which are currently poorly understood.
      We have combined available genomic and proteomic data into a comprehensive network of information to reach a better understanding of the function of the cohesin complex. We have identified a new sequence homolog to SMC that highlights the capability of a protein to conduct different functions in different cellular locations, and have created a new phylogeny for SMC proteins that includes a number of eukaryotic sequences predominantly Rad18 homologs within an ancestral family of SMC proteins. A complex network of interacting cohesion proteins was identified. Six of these networked proteins contain a known upstream regulatory sequence. In addition we have identified a number of protein pairs within the network that share protein motifs, which could indicate a common structural feature such as a binding site. In this way we discovered a motif shared by Scc2 and Chk1 that suggests Scc2 could have kinase activity. This hypothesis needs to be verified experimentally. The potential for Scc2 to function as a kinase could provide further evidence for the regulation of sisterchromatid cohesion by phosphorylation mechanisms, which are currently poorly understood.
          GT was not significantly related to SRH, coagulopathy and MODS under strict 
The GT did not significantly relate with blood stress related hormone levels, 
    sec
          Patients at community hospitals in this area who develop need for tertiary critical care are just as likely to survive as patients who develop ICU needs on the wards of this rural tertiarycare hospital, despite different accessibility to tertiary intensivecare services.
          The increased anticoagulant activity of phenprocoumon observed in the two described cases and the known interaction potential of omeprazole suggest that the clearance of phenprocoumon may have been reduced due to competitive inhibition of its degradation by omeprazole. Drug interactions may be one of the reasons for the difficulties encountered with some patients in establishing a stable anticoagulant therapy. Physicians should carefully review any concurrently used medication and if possible opt for drugs with a low interaction potential.
          The flow cytometric data on proliferation and viability were consistent with results obtained from haemocytometer counts and allowed us to develop a model for assessing in vitro the effects of medicaments like allopurinol and chloralin on L. infantum promastigotes on a cellular level.
          It is concluded that: 1intravascular lipases stimulate phospholipid transfer protein mediated phospholipid transfer, but not free cholesterol, from triglyceride rich particles to human high density lipoproteins and rat low density lipoproteins and high density lipoproteins; 2free cholesterol and phospholipids are transferred from triglyceride rich particles to plasma lipoproteins by distinct mechanisms, and 3  CETP also contributes to phospholipid transfer activity in human plasma but not in transgenic mice plasma, a species which has high levels of the specific phospholipid transfer protein activity.
          A stimulusdependent serine phosphorylation of a eukaryotic histidine kinase homologue was demonstrated for the first time italicin vivoitalic. That implies that DokA, although showing typical structural features of a bacterial twocomponent system, might be part of a eukaryotic signal transduction pathway that involves serinethreonine kinases.
      We have demonstrated an osmotic stressdependent serine phosphorylation of the eukaryotic histidine kinase homologue DokA italicin vivoitalic. The phosphorylation does not depend on the conserved histidine residue, which is essential for the function of twocomponent systems and is not due to an autophosphorylation reaction. This confirms the idea that eukaryotic homologues of bacterial signal transduction systems might be integrated in signaling pathways involving serinethreonine kinases.
